# Product Catalog Enrichment

This repository showcases the application of Google Cloud's Generative AI for product cataloging. The solution will:
  
- Suggest product category given a sparse description and (optionally) a product image
- Generate product attributes
- Generate detailed marketing copy for these products

These results are grounded using a customer provided product catalog, enabling more specific and relevant results than a purely generative approach would provide.

The repository consists of 

1. Notebooks: Intended for educational purposes to demonstrate the solution methodology

2. Sample Code: The code has 100% test coverage, conforms to OpenAPI specifications, and can be used to accelerate deployment of a production solution. 

3. Documentation: In addition to documentation in the source code, the repo contains step-by-step deployment guidance.

4. Example Frontend [coming soon]: Can be used for demonstration purposes or to accelerate deployment of a customer specific frontend


## Notebooks

The notebooks listed below were developed to explain the concepts exposed in this repository:  
- [Exploratory Data Analysis](/notebooks/0_EDA_flipkart_dataset.ipynb) (0_EDA_flipkart_dataset.ipynb): Introduces the sample dataset and formats for use in downstream notebooks.
- [Generate Embeddings](/notebooks/1_generate_embeddings.ipynb) (1_generate_embeddings.ipynb): Use the Vertex Embedding API to generate multimodal embeddings based on product description and image.
- [Create Vector DB](/notebooks/2_create_vector_db.ipynb) (2_create_vector_db.ipynb): Store embeddings in low latency Vector DB powered by Vertex Vector Search.
- [Product Categorization](/notebooks/3_product_categorization.ipynb) (3_product_categorization.ipynb): Demonstrate RAG approach to categorizing new products.
- [Attribute Generation](/notebooks/4_attribute_generation.ipynb) (4_attribute_generation.ipynb): Demonstrate RAG approach to generating product attributes.
- [Marketing Desription](/notebooks/5_marketing_description.ipynb) (5_marketing_description.ipynb): Utilize Vertex LLM to generate marketing copy for products.


## REST API Deployment

Prior to deploying you must:
1. Create Product Reference Table in BigQuery ([0_EDA_flipkart_dataset.ipynb](/notebooks/0_EDA_flipkart_dataset.ipynb))
2. Create Embeddings and Vector DB ([1_generate_embeddings.ipynb](/notebooks/1_generate_embeddings.ipynb) and [2_create_vector_db.ipynb](/notebooks/2_create_vector_db.ipynb))
3. Update configuration variables in [/backend/config.py](/backend/config.py)

THEN

### Local Deploy
```bash
cd backend
pip install uvicorn
uvicorn api:app
```
### Cloud Deploy

The code is dockerized so you can deploy on any docker compatible infrastructure including GKE, Cloud Run, or App Engine. Below are instructions fo deploying to App Engine:


> cd backend

Open the [`app.yaml`](/backend/app.yaml) configuration file and include your service account:

 ```
 service_account: <REPLACE WITH YOUR SERVICE ACCOUNT ADDRESS>
 ```

You can check the available service accounts in your project by running the following command:  
> gcloud iam service-accounts list

Deploy the solution to AppEngine

> gcloud app deploy

Wait for the application to be deployed and open the link generated by AppEngine.

### REST API Docs

Once you've deployed the backend (either locally or to cloud), browse to `http://<deployment-address-here>/docs` for full documentation on how to call the API.

## Getting help

If you have any questions or if you found any problems with this repository, please report through GitHub issues.
